Lord Rose's strength is indeed strong
You Changqing Jumping Clown
How dare you disrespect the king of blood fish
Unless you dare to move, I will kill you
Even Ximen Bao lost
If you don't give up, you will be captured.
Want to die
You useless piece of trash
Death bone
Ximen Bao, what else do you have to say?
New Rose
Today I will be killed
But don't you forget
I am the liver son of Lei Qianjue under the White Tiger
Do you dare to cut me?
Do you think you can threaten me by taking out Lei Qianjue?
Will I let you go?
Dangerous
I just wanted to warn you.
My adoptive father must be the king of the bloodfish
You killed me today
All of you will pay dearly
At what cost?
Well, let him say
Blood is the key because of the same blood and the same door
Blood and Doors are leaderless
Naturally, someone needs to do justice
Look at the whole blood and door
Only this fingerprint of my adoptive father
My adoptive father will definitely become the king of the bloodfish
Don't you need a backer in the future?